--- Cluster 4 (11 items) ---
Tried the app on June 7 for the 1.99 four-day trial. Canceled immediately because I quickly determined that the app was not for me. Even after canceling the subscription, I was charged $45. continuing to
I pay $1 for a “reading” and this app is been charging me $39.99 EVERY MONTH! I didn’t suscribe to anything, there’s no subscription on my list and
A little upset because I really wanted to subscribe to this app, but was shocked to see that the amount that was being pulled out of my account was 75+ dollars instead of the 39.99 yearly subscription price. I am aware that
I was charged the $1, plus almost $30 during a free trial. Fine I used the app. Was charged the same two charges this month. I just want off the roller coaster of payments.
I feel like they get you to overspend in the app to talk to a pyschic. It’s very annoying to pay so much and yet expect you still have a membership when it should be included.
This app is a scam!! I downloaded the app out of curiosity. The same day I deleted the app I was still charged $33. I still have no idea what that charge is for or where a subscription was agreed to. I
This app is a scam. They will keep charging your account monthly when you haven't signed up for anything.
This app does not work. The username and password are not accepted, and yet the sign-up says the account already exists. The option is missing for "already have an account "
Fraudulent Charges. Enough complaints for class action.. Bought this app for free reading . Cancelled app 30 minutes after not receiving info. 2 days later they are trying to bill me for beyond trial period completion despite, it wasn't
I somehow purchased a review for $1.00 only to be additionally charge 29.99 and 49.99. I can’t seem to find a way to cancel and get my money back. Do not purchase app.
"Used to be a really good app but over time they give less information and they charge for everything and too many long adds," says one user. "Not as good. Not as good"

--- Cluster 2 (6 items) ---
Every time I would ask a psychic a question I have to repeat myself over and over again until they answer my question. Scam and waste of money.
I don't think the psychics are accurate. Had a few readings an nothing they have said has came true. Not Accurate.
They are scam, fraud and then the readings they show is too generic and pathetic!!! Not personalized!!! Pathetic and scam!!! They charged me with the amount i did not even authorized!!! Fraud!!!
"I'm not usually into horoscope and all but I decided to give it a try. Going through readings and descriptions of me, they seem to hit the nail on the head"
The psychics arent real and give bad advice. They dont know anything. Its really expensive to talk to someone for 3 minutes. Scam.
The psychic chat and bot feel like scams and AI. It doesn't even give you knowledge about your birth chart. It scammed me with 0.50$ and 50$ for no reason.

--- Cluster 3 (9 items) ---
Do NOT download! All they do is take your money. SCAM. Do NOT download!!!
"I can't find my account to cancel. They are charging g me and can’t find me to cancel," she said.
The directions to cancel the service doesn't work and I keep getting charged! Growl!! Hiss!! Buyer beware!!!!!
"Canceling a subscription. They made it extremely hard and support chat wasn't helpful. Customer service does not exist," she said.
I cancelled everything and they keep charging me. Scam, think twice before downloading. They keep charging you even when you never agreed with a membership.
I canceled my subscription 1 month in, made sure it was cancelled and they still charge your acct. do not recommend. Still charges even after cancellation.
Terrible advisors and they will send you random charges. Their payment method doesn’t make sense cause you purchase points and the advisors cost points not dollars. Scam.
I accidentally clicked on a $49.99 upsell because my phone screen is broken and sometimes misfires. I reached out to customer support immediately to correct the mistake. They refused to issue a refund, even though I explained it was
Do not fall for this scam. They will take $45 from you, when you haven't purchased anything or received anything, and say they can't refund your money. DO NOT FALL FOR IT!!! IT IS A SCAM!!

--- Cluster 0 (2 items) ---
Ladrones se recargan sin autorización. Son unos ladrones se Recargan.
Noooo es real spam. Noooo es fake. Noooooo es real. Fake.

--- Cluster 1 (8 items) ---
This app is a fraud. Fraud. Fraud, says the company behind the app. The app was created to help people with disabilities. The company has since been shut down.
The advertisement for this app presented as a mental health aid, hypnotherapy. It was dealing with astrology and psychics. I have requested a refund.
Paid $5 for palm reading, suddenly charged $45 without my permission. Google it, happens to many people. Can’t get money back.
Watch out for bait reading that comes with MULTIPLE hidden charges. This is the most shameful shady business in the name of spirituality I’ve ever used. I paid for their reading BAIT which turned out to be generic
This app steals money from you and there is no way to get it back. Even if you don't get a reading, they just keep taking money out of your account month after month. If I could give 0 stars I would.
This app is trash! It used to be good! Now it’s just a money grab. Couldn’t even find out my signs without paying!!!
This is a ridiculous and over priced App preying on vulnerable people wanting to learn about themselves. The customer service is horrible. God forbid you need some assistance with anything. You’ll be talking to a robot not an actual living
 Generic readings. Generic horoscopes and readings, inaccurate and the money back guarantee is a lie. Update-still refused to uphold their moneyback guarantee.

