--- Cluster 2 (12 items) ---
The app only worked once. Worked once until I paid for an upgrade. Now just constantly says ‘error occurred. Try again later’
I'm crashing. Crashing. Keeps crashing and logging me out. I'm trying to log in.
Since the update it’s not been loading and today it logged me out and won’t let me log back in. So many error messages.
The app keeps crashing as of today. Doesn't let me read my day in the past. App crashes and needs content update.
Won’t load. Won't load. Will not load. Don't try to load.
i’ve always loved this app but as of recently i can access my daily updates anymore. the tab is gone and it’s upsetting. idk.
As an app developer, this new disconnect from the community and quiet removal of the “updates’ tab is embarrassing and aligns costar with a future of bankruptcy. Sad to see. Deleted the only feature most clients
Reading through my and my loved one’s daily updates used to be one of the best parts of my day, which is gone thanks to the new update. this formatting is atrocious, inaccessible, and creates a sense of disconnect
This new update is not good :( took away features I used daily. Sad. Please fix!
The updated app removed ability to see your day/week in a glance. Now you see one day and need to scroll through each power/challenge/trouble. New interface is annoying.
New update. I love costar but why the heck would u make the home page uncentered. That just makes me so mad. Please change it back!!!!
The most recent update on May 13th 2025 has caused the app to not work at all. Update Making App Unusable.

--- Cluster 1 (20 items) ---
The app took my money and didn't give me the 5 questions. Stole my money. I downloaded the app, and payed for the 2.99 void thingy.
This app simply insults and assumes it’s way into your notifications until you question your self worth. Has NO CLUE what a person needs for growth. Not reccomended at all.
I’ve been using Co-Star since about 2017 and I have fallen head over heels with this app. Its horrifying how accurate the messages have been. This app has warned me about things before they happen, this app has given
Every update to this app does nothing but take away features, plug ai where it doesn’t need to be, and try at every corner to get you to pay for the features that they took away. without being able to
I will never pay for an app like this and it’s pathetic to push out users who have been enjoying these features for a very long time just to make more money. This is what the force of people banding together and
I loved this app, but now they have removed multiple features (for reasons I can only assume are to make users pay for premium). they’ve tarnished the worth of this app. very disappointed. new update??. this
Long time user is not impressed.. Ive been a member for FIVE+ years now. ive seen alot of bad updates, but this one's the worst. They removed the ability to see your horroscope 2 days in
This app has consistently preyed on any doubt I might have. Such a negative app, would not recommend to anyone. Negative Mindset perpetuated by negative forecasts.
"I'm actually deleting the app as I type this. The 5 star reviews are fake. As someone else said, they did update the app and remove the ability to see your day/week in a glance and put it behind a
"I refuse to suddenly pay for something that I had free access to since 2018" "This app and what it offers is simply not worth a subscription service" "I'm extremely disappointed in you all at Co-Star"
The Daily Discussion is a weekly, offbeat look at what's going on in the news. This week, we look at a widget that has been removed from the Daily Discussion.
"Your day at glance" on the widget doesn't match what's in the app. App vs Widget. It used to be the same on both ends before.
I miss when the app used to be free to dive deeper and etc. now they charge for everything! DELETING!!!!!!
I’ve been using this app since 2018. And it’s changed so much, and not for the better. They just added a pro plan which has all these “special features” for $50/yr
App is so far off from the truth. And the daily message is very often odd and a bit disturbing. Access to microphone. Basically full blown invasion of privacy.
This app is insanely negative and nasty. Abusive. This app is extremely negative, nasty and abusive.
I noticed since I updated the app to the most recent version, i lost my horoscope widget and several other features because now they are behind a paywall. this is the #1 way to sell out and lose customers. either switch
Good app unless you need real help. I have been trying to contact support about their app for three months about paying for a service I did not receive and they have not replied to my messages. Not even a hello.
An amazing app gone wrong.. This app used to be amazing but it is now essentially “bricked’ and even the most basic features are completely locked making the app useless. $9.00 a month for an ai
The app used AI to give advice on how to avoid breaking the law. The app was one of my favorite astrology apps because of the simple design and thoughtful approach.

--- Cluster 3 (11 items) ---
The most depressing and pessimistic horoscopes day after day. Goodness - the writer needs cheering up or mood stabilizing meds.
"I'm not really into astrology but I have to say, I was delightfully surprised and overwhelmed by the advice and the accuracy"
Love the snarky but relevant astrological insights. Strongly dislike the new format. Not intuitive like the old format and cannot project out 2 days anymore.
The week view is gone now and it only gives you (at most) a couple lines with no astrological context. Is this a bug or have they rendered this app basically useless?
"I am in shock with how intensely specific and accurate my reading was. I honestly feel like every page in my book of life was just open and read to the class"
The horoscopes are always negative. Discouraging more than anything. The point of this is supposed to be insight and encouragement. This app dropped the ball on that in many ways.
My ascendent changed from aquarius to leo??? All the other websites say it’s aqua. This is annoying.
All the horoscopes are super vauge and very negative. not helpful at all. gross.
This app just repeats horoscopes and chops the same bits in different days. I don't think anyone is actually doing work to create the horoscope at all probably AI.
Not good. Not good. No good. And no bad. No bad. Not bad. But bad.
10/10 don’t do it. It knows too much. 10/10. It’s a bad idea. 10-10.

--- Cluster 4 (2 items) ---
I paid for the subscription thinking i would get the LOCKED bits UNLOCKED, but even with a subscription they want you to pay for the locked parts. I am mostly certain that for the paid subscription, you really don't
Customer service is not great. I have gone back and forth with someone for a week with them basically telling me things to do that aren't helpful. How do you not have an option to sign in with an email? Only Facebook.

--- Cluster 0 (3 items) ---
CNN.com is not calculating the right info. Isn’t calculating right info, and no way to change it so it’s accurate.
i think ur watching me. u have no right to be so dang accurate i think ur watch me. oml ilysm. om ily sm. oom ily SM. omm ilySM. o
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Visit CNN.com/Travel each week for a new gallery of snapshots from around the world. Visit www.dailymail.co.uk/travel

